**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy applies to the Alpha GPS for Geotagging app (hereby referred to as "
Application") for mobile devices that was created by Saschl (hereby referred to as "Service
Provider") as an Open Source service. This service is intended for use "AS IS".

**Information Collection and Use**

The Application collects information when you download and use it. This information may include information such as

*   The time spent on the Application
*   The operating system you use on your mobile device
* The version of the Application you are using
* The device model you are using

The Application collects your device's location, which helps the Service Provider determine your approximate geographical location and make use of in below ways:

* Geolocation Services: The Service Provider utilizes location data to provide geotagging features
  for Sony Cameras. This data will not be transmitted or shared elsewhere.

**Third Party Access**

The app collects anonymous usage data for troubleshooting (Sentry EU data centers). This includes
logs and stack traces.
No personal data (including location, device addresses, IP addresses) will ever collected or stored.

You may opt out any time by disabling the troubleshooting feature in the settings of the app.

Please note that the Application utilizes third-party services that have their own Privacy Policy about handling data. Below are the links to the Privacy Policy of the third-party service providers used by the Application:

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
* [Sentry](https://sentry.io/privacy/)

**Opt-Out Rights**

You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

**Children**

The Service Provider does not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13.

The Application does not address anyone under the age of 13\. The Service Provider does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case the Service Provider discover that a child under 13 has provided personal information, the Service Provider will immediately delete this from their servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact the Service Provider (saschl.ra@web.de) so that they will be able to take the necessary actions.

**Security**

The Service Provider is concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. The Service Provider provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information the Service Provider processes and maintains.

**Changes**

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. The Service Provider will notify you of any changes to the Privacy Policy by updating this page with the new Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

This privacy policy is effective as of 2025-12-09

**Your Consent**

By using the Application, you are consenting to the processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about the practices, please contact the Service Provider via email at saschl.ra@web.de.

* * *

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
